New Claude code update is insane. So
Claude can now work while you sleep. No,
I'm not joking. Anthropic just dropped
an update that turns Claude into a robot
that codes on a timer. You set it once,
walk away, and it just keeps going.
Today, I'm going to show you exactly how
it works, how to set it up in like 2
minutes, and the real use cases that are
going to blow your mind. This is the
biggest clawed update yet, and nobody is
talking about it. So, here's the
problem. Every AI tool right now works
the same way. You type something, it
does something. You type again, it does
something again. It's like having an
employee who only works when you tap
them on the shoulder every single time.
That gets all fast. Especially if you're
a developer or you run a team or you
just have stuff that needs to happen
every single day without you thinking
about it. What if I told you that's over
now? Claude Code just launched something
called scheduled tasks and it changes
everything. You give Claude a job. You
tell it when to do that job. And then
Claude just does it every hour, every
morning, every Monday, whatever you
want. You set it up once and it runs on
autopilot. Think about that for a
second. That's not an assistant anymore.
That's a worker. That's an autonomous
agent sitting on your computer doing
real work while you go live your life.
Let me show you how this actually works.
It's stupid simple. You open Claude Code
on your desktop. You click schedule in
the sidebar. You hit new task. Then you
fill in four things. a name, a
description, the prompt you want it to
run, and how often you want it to run.
That's it. You click run now to test it,
and boom, it shows up in your scheduled
sessions panel. Done. Now, here's the
part that gets really fun. You don't
even need to write fancy code to
schedule things. You can literally type
in plain English something like, "Run my
tests every 6 hours or check for bugs
every morning at 9." Claude understands
that. It just works. And when the time
comes, here's what happens behind the
scenes. The desktop app checks the
schedule every minute. When it's go
time, Claude launches a brand new
session. It runs your prompt and then it
sends you a notification with the
results. Every single run is a full
Claude code session. That means Claude
can edit files, run commands, create
commits, open pull requests, even use
MCP tools and APIs. This is not some
watered down version. This is the full
thing running on a clock. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every single
comment. So, make sure you drop one
below. All right, let me walk you
through theululing options because
they're really flexible. You've got
manual, which means it only runs when
you click it. Hourly, which runs every
hour. Daily, which runs at a specific
time, weekdays, which runs Monday
through Friday. And weekly, which runs
on a specific day and time. So, if you
want Claude to check your dependencies
every Monday morning, done. If you want
it to run tests at midnight every night,
done. If you want a morning briefing at
8:00 a.m. on weekdays, done. You just
tell it what to do and when. Now, let me
give you the use cases because this is
where it gets insane. Number one,
automated bug fixing. You set Claude to
scan your error logs every 4 hours. If
it finds recurring errors, it figures
out what's wrong. Then, it creates a
branch, writes the fix, and opens a pull
request or while you're eating lunch or
sleeping or doing literally anything
else. Number two, automated PR review.
Every morning, Claude reviews all the
new pull requests in your repo. It reads
the code, spots problems, leaves
comments. Before your team even opens
their laptops, Claude has already done
the first pass. Number three, dependency
updates. Once a week, Claude checks your
packages, finds anything outdated,
updates them, and creates a pull
request. No more forgetting to update
stuff for six months, and then
everything breaks. Number four, morning
developer briefings. Every weekday at 8
am, Claude pulls together all the new
GitHub issues, all the open pull
requests, all the failing tests, and it
creates a nice clean report so you know
exactly what's going on before your
first sip of coffee. Number five, AI
DevOps agent. Claude monitors your
server logs, test results, and
deployments, and it responds
automatically. That's not a tool
anymore. That's a team member. Now, if
you want to go even deeper on stuff like
this and learn how to actually use AI to
scale your business and automate your
workflows, check out the AI Profit
Boardroom. It's the best place to learn
how to use tools like Claude Code to get
more customers and save hundreds of
hours with AI automation. Link is in the
description and comments. All right, let
me give you some actual prompts you can
copy and use right now. Prompt one,
daily code review. You type this every
weekday at 9:00 a.m. Review the latest
commits in this repository. Identify
potential bugs or performance issues.
Write a summary report and suggest
improvements. That's it. Claude handles
the rest. Prompt to automated bug
fixing. Every 3 hours. Scan the error
logs in / logs. If any recurring errors
appear, identify the root cause and
attempt to fix them. If a fix is
possible, create a branch and open a
pull request. Imagine waking up and your
bugs are already fixed. That's what this
does. Prompt three, morning developer
briefing. Every weekday at 8:00 a.m.,
generate a summary of new GitHub issues.
Open pull requests and failing tests.
Create the developer briefing report.
Your entire team starts the day knowing
exactly what matters. Prompt for test
automation every 6 hours. Run the test
suite if any tests fail. Diagnose the
issue and propose a fix. Claude becomes
your QA department on autopilot. Now,
here's a few things you need to know
before you go set this up because there
are some limitations and I want to be
straight with you about them. First,
your computer has to be awake. If your
machine goes to sleep, the task gets
skipped. But there's a nice little
safety net. When your computer wakes
back up, Claude can run one catchup task
to cover what it missed. And Anthropic
also added an option where Claude can
keep your computer awake to finish
scheduled runs. So, that's cool. Second,
the desktop app has to be open. This is
not cloud automation. Everything runs
locally on your machine. So if you close
the app, nothing happens. Third, each
run counts against your usage. Every
scheduled run is treated like a full
clawed code session. So keep that in
mind when you're setting stuff to run
every hour. Fourth, this works on Mac OS
and Windows right now. Linux support for
the desktop scheduled tasks is not
available yet. Now, where does Claude
actually store these tasks? Every
scheduled task creates a folder on your
machine. It goes in a hidden claw
directory under scheduled tasks with the
task name. Inside that folder, there's a
file called skill.mmd. That file has
your task name, description, and prompt.
If you want to tweak what Claude does on
the next run, you just edit that file.
Super clean, super simple. Here's why I
think this matters more than people
realize. AI has been reactive since the
beginning. You ask, it answers. That's
been the entire model. This update
breaks that model. Claude doesn't wait
for you anymore. It just works on a
schedule in the background doing real
work. That's not an assistant. That's an
autonomous developer. And we're only at
the beginning of this right now. It's
scheduled tasks on your desktop. But
think about where this goes next. Cloud
tasks, multi- aent coordination, AI
teams that run projects without any
human input at all. This is a huge
shift. And if you're not paying
attention to this stuff, you're going to
fall behind fast. So, let me recap.
Claude Code now has scheduled tasks. You
set a prompt. You set a schedule, Claude
runs it automatically. It can fix bugs,
review code, update packages, write
reports, monitor systems, all on
autopilot. The setup takes 2 minutes and
the use cases are endless. Now, if you
want the full process, SOPs, and over
100 AI use cases like this one, join the
AI profit boardroom. Learn how to
automate your workflows with tools like
Cloud Code and scale your business with
AI. The link is in the comments and
description. And if you want free access
to all the video notes, prompts, and a
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI, join the AI success
lab. It's completely free. Link is in
the comments and description. You'll get
everything from this video, plus way
more in there. Make sure you like this
video. Subscribe if you haven't already.
And drop a comment below telling me what
you'd schedule Claude to do first.
Julian reads every single one. I'll see
you in the next one.